Added a draft for the bicycle handling perception threshold project. (#65)
mechmotum/mechmotum.github.io: content/pages/jobs/determining-dynamics-perception-thresholds-of-bicycles.rst

under controlled situations. This has been explored for laboratory tasks, such
as tracking a single degree of freedom motion on a screen with a joystick
[Wei2020]_, but not yet in more complex experimental scenarios.

The bicycle-rider system is well suited to attempt perception threshold
identification due to the ability of constraining the plant as a SIMO system
and that it is a "lab scaled" and a low cost experimental platform. The bicycle
provides unique plant dynamics that can be exploited, such as variable
stability, non-minimum phase behavior, and non-trivial system order. There are
two primary options for varying the dynamics of the vehicle: 1) manually change
specific physical aspects of the vehicle or 2) to make use of the Bicycle Lab's
steer-by-wire bicycle in which the open loop dynamics between the handlebars
and fork can be implemented in software. Both have been done in the lab before
and there are merits to each. A method of setting precise and repeatable plant
dynamics will be required.

The primary goal of the project will be to develop experimentally derived
measures of the perception thresholds to changes in vehicle dynamics, i.e.

> what's the smallest change in a physical char aseptic that riders can

Author: ```suggestion
what's the smallest change in a physical characteristic that riders can
```
